Bounding boxes are relatively easy way of dealing with
objects because then you just associate the points to a bounding box or now if you say,
okay, this object is in the bounding box,
okay, this is now pedestrian,
this point is not on the bounding box,
this is something else.
It is a relatively easy way of dealing with it.
The issue though is that you are making model assumptions about
the size of the bounding box that you assign to let say a car,
or to a pedestrian,
and if this violates the assumptions of the bounding box,
then things tend to look somehow strange.
Well, you could track everything or you could track sort of out bounding polygon.
We're doing that too,
where we can really follow the polygons,
which is a much more precise thing.
You could actually track voxels,
you could go with the individual points,
but that's way too computationally intensive,
that's something you do not want to do.